README.md, before:

# rsfo
======

Rapid Setting For Oracle (RAC)
------------------------------

### How to use RSFO

1. Download the latest rpm from the Github page https://github.com/yannallandit/rsfo 
2. Install the rpm: yum install –y rsfo-1.0.8-1.el7.noarch.rpm
3. Go to the location directory: # cd /opt/hpe/rsfo/
4. Run the first script: # ./rsfo_run1_os7up.sh
	* Provides the list of nodes where Oracle will be installed
5. Run the second scripts: # ./rsfo_run2_cruser.sh
	* Confirm the targeted nodes
	* Provide the location of the Grid and the Oracle BASE location

More information in the RSFO_introduction.pdf document.

### New in version 1.0.9
- pam.d management for Oracle and Grid
- /etc/profile update for Oracle and Grid
- hugepages setup
- transparent hugepages disabled
- change order in answering $H question

### New in version 1.0.8

- A default password defined for oracle and grid users

### New in version 1.0.7

- Support of Red Hat EL 6.x
- Smart shm kernel parameters setting
- ssh for the grid user
- A Video tutorial shows the entire process

Commit message:

modified:   README.md 	modified:   RSFO_RH7.tar.gz 	deleted:    rsfo-1.0.8/RSFO_RH7.tar.gz 	deleted:    rsfo-1.0.8/rsfo-1.0.8-1.el7.noarch.rpm 	deleted:    rsfo-1.0.9-1.el7.noarch.rpm 	new file:   rsfo-1.1.0-1.el7.noarch.rpm 	renamed:    rsfo-1.0.8/README.txt -> rsfo-1.1.0/README.txt 	renamed:    rsfo-1.0.8/SSH_setting.txt -> rsfo-1.1.0/SSH_setting.txt 	renamed:    rsfo-1.0.8/grid_profile -> rsfo-1.1.0/grid_profile 	new file:   rsfo-1.1.0/nod_list.txt 	renamed:    rsfo-1.0.8/ora_profile -> rsfo-1.1.0/ora_profile 	renamed:    rsfo-1.0.8/rm_user.sh -> rsfo-1.1.0/rm_user.sh 	renamed:    rsfo-1.0.8/rsfo_run1_os7up.sh -> rsfo-1.1.0/rsfo_run1_os7up.sh 	renamed:    rsfo-1.0.8/rsfo_run2_cruser.sh -> rsfo-1.1.0/rsfo_run2_cruser.sh 	new file:   rsfo-1.1.0/rsfoparam.txt 	renamed:    rsfo-1.0.8/tar_command.txt -> rsfo-1.1.0/tar_command.txt 	renamed:    rsfo-1.0.8/update.log -> rsfo-1.1.0/update.log

README.md, after:

# rsfo
======

Rapid Setting For Oracle (RAC)
------------------------------

### How to use RSFO

1. Download the latest rpm from the Github page https://github.com/yannallandit/rsfo 
2. Install the rpm: yum install –y rsfo-1.0.8-1.el7.noarch.rpm
3. Go to the location directory: # cd /opt/hpe/rsfo/
4. Run the first script: # ./rsfo_run1_os7up.sh
	* Provides the list of nodes where Oracle will be installed
5. Run the second scripts: # ./rsfo_run2_cruser.sh
	* Confirm the targeted nodes
	* Provide the location of the Grid and the Oracle BASE location

More information in the RSFO_introduction.pdf document.

### New in version 1.1.0
- Silent installation mode
- Look at the /opt/hpe/rsfo/README.txt for implementation detail

### New in version 1.0.9
- pam.d management for Oracle and Grid
- /etc/profile update for Oracle and Grid
- hugepages setup
- transparent hugepages disabled
- change order in answering $H question

### New in version 1.0.8

- A default password defined for oracle and grid users

### New in version 1.0.7

- Support of Red Hat EL 6.x
- Smart shm kernel parameters setting
- ssh for the grid user
- A Video tutorial shows the entire process
